UFF SCIFI Datasets License

Dear Licensee:

Thank you (hereinafter referred to as “Licensee”) for your interest in obtaining and using materials from the 
MídiaCom Lab UFF-SCIFI-Datasets repository, hereinafter referred to as “Data” and any software tools or programming codes that may be obtained from the GitHub from time to time (the “Tools”).

Data Licensing Information:

The MídiaCom Lab hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, nontransferable license to use the Data and Tools for any purpose, in each case subject to any applicable restrictions described in the last sentence of this paragraph. Licensee may not redistribute the Data or the Tools without the express written prior approval of the MídiaCom Lab. Licensee further acknowledges and agrees that Licensee shall be bound by, and shall comply with, any restrictions or other requirements set forth in any Data or Tools they download, including without limitation any metadata associated therewith.

Licensee agrees to respect the privacy of those human subjects whose wireless-network activity is captured by the Data and to comply with all laws applicable to Licensee’s use of the Data, including without limitation such applicable laws pertaining to the protection of personal information, security of data, and data breaches. Licensee agrees not to apply, adapt or develop algorithms for the extraction of the true identity of users and other information of a personal nature, which might constitute “personally identifiable information” or “protected health information” under any such applicable laws. In particular, Licensee agrees not to publish or otherwise disclose to any other person or entity any information that constitutes “personally identifiable information” or “protected health information” under any such applicable laws derived from the Data through manual or automated techniques.

In addition to its obligations in the preceding paragraph, Licensee will endeavor to use the Data in an ethical and responsible way with the aim of doing no harm to any person or entity. At minimum, in connection with Licensee’s use of the Data, Licensee will comply with applicable professional codes of conduct and applicable requirements of institutional review boards or similar bodies with authority over Licensee’s use of the Data.

Licensee agrees to acknowledge the source of the Data or Tools in any publications or presentations reporting on Licensee's use of those Data or Tools. The Data's README file provides specific citation information for each Tool and set of Data; Licensee shall acknowledge the source of the Data or Tool using this citation information.

Licensee acknowledges that the Mídiacom Lab (i) has no obligation to continue to operate GitHub or to maintain access to any Data or any Tools, (ii) has no obligation to provide Licensee with technical support, (iii) may remove any Data or any Tools from the GitHub at any time as it shall determine in its sole discretion, and (iv) may assign this license to any person or entity in connection with the transfer of the operations of GitHub to such person or entity.

MÍDIACOM LAB PROVIDES THE DATA AND THE TOOLS “AS IS” AND MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WITH RESPECT TO THE DATA OR THE TOOLS, INCLUDING AS TO ITS ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ALL OF WHICH ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. FURTHERMORE, IN NO EVENT SHALL MÍDIACOM LAB, ITS TRUSTEES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS, NOR ANY PERSON OR ENTITY THAT CONTRIBUTES DATA OR TOOLS TO GITHUB, BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH, LOST PROFITS OR DAMAGES RESULTING FORM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, ANY DATA OR ANY TOOLS, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ANY OF THE FOREGOING PERSONS OR ENTITIES ARE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Licensee agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Mídiacom Lab, its trustees, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all actions, suits, proceedings, demands, assessments, judgments, damages, liabilities (except for income and other applicable taxes), and expenses relating thereto, including without limitation, interest, penalties, attorneys' fees and expenses, and any amounts paid in settlement of any of the foregoing, incurred by any of them arising out of or relating any third party claim arising out of relating to any use of the Data or any Tools by Licensee or any person or entity to whom Licensee provides any Data or any Tools.

This license shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Licensee and Mídiacom Lab agree that the court of competent jurisdiction of the Tribunal de Justiça do Estado do Rio de Janeiro located in Niterói shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any proceeding or suit between them in law or equity arising from, or incident to, this Agreement and Licensee and Mídiacom Lab each hereby consents to the jurisdiction of such courts for such purpose.

Licensee hereby acknowledges that (i) no waiver of any provision of this license by Mídiacom Lab shall be valid or binding unless set forth in writing and duly executed by Mídiacom Lab and (ii) no failure by a Mídiacom Lab to exercise, and no delay by Mídiacom Lab in exercising, any right under this license will operate as a waiver of such right, nor will any single or partial exercise by Mídiacom Lab of any right hereunder preclude any future exercise of that right, or any other right, by Mídiacom Lab. This license constitutes the entire agreement of Licensee and Mídiacom Lab and supersedes any agreements, either oral or written, between them with respect to the subject matter hereof. If any term or condition of this license is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part for any reason, this license shall be reformed to be valid and enforceable consistent with the intention of Licensee and Mídiacom Lab as expressed herein to the greatest extent permitted by law.

Licensee’s acceptance and use of the Data or Tools binds Licensee to the terms and conditions of this License as stated here.
